Basic instruction of how to boil potatoes (#27)
workshop-material/recipe-book: potato/boiled_potatoes.md

# Boiled potatoes 

## Ingredients

- Potetes, as many as you like.

## Instructions

> - Place potatoes in casserolle with water. Heat up and leave for 200-300 minutes upon boiling. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Place potatoes in casserolle with water and salt. Heat up and leave for 20-30 minutes upon boiling. 
```

Reviewer: Please consider this change

Reviewer 2: That looks better, I agree
